Restore "Update layout tutorial for current best practices" with updates (#9937)
flutter/website: src/ui/layout/tutorial.md

* If you have problems, compare your code to [`lib/main.dart`][].

{{site.alert.end}}

## Add the Button section

In this section, add the buttons that will add functionality to your app.

<?code-excerpt path-base="layout/lakes/step3"?>

The **Button** section contains three columns that use the same layout:
an icon over a row of text.

{% include docs/app-figure.md
   image="ui/layout/layout-sketch-button-block-unlabeled.svg"
   caption="The Button section as sketch and prototype UI" %}

Plan to distribute these columns in one row so each takes the same
amount of space. Paint all text and icons with the primary color.

### Add the `ButtonSection` widget

Add the following code after the `TitleSection` widget to contain the code
to build the row of buttons.

<?code-excerpt "lib/main.dart (ButtonStart)" title?>
```dart
class ButtonSection extends StatelessWidget {
  const ButtonSection({super.key});

  @override
  Widget build(BuildContext context) {
    final Color color = Theme.of(context).primaryColor;
// ···
  }
}
```

### Create a widget to make buttons

As the code for each column could use the same syntax,
create a widget named `BuildButtonColumn()`.

> Each call to this method passes a color, an `Icon` widget and a `Text` widget.
> Given these parameters, the helper returns a `Column` widget.
> Each contains two children: the `Icon` and the `Text`.
> A `Padding` widget separates these children.
> The helper also paints these children in the given color.

Reviewer: `ButtonColumn` is a widget (with a constructor, fields, and a build method) rather than a helper method, so we need to update this text to reflect that. How about something like the following?

```suggestion
The constructor of the widget accepts a color,
icon data, and a label for the button.
Using these values, the widget builds a `Column`
with an `Icon` and a stylized `Text` widget as its children.
To help separate these children, the `Text` widget
is wrapped with a `Padding` widget.
```

Add the following code after the `ButtonSection` class.

<?code-excerpt "lib/main.dart (BuildButtonColumn)" title?>
```dart
class ButtonSection extends StatelessWidget {
  const ButtonSection({super.key});
// ···
}

> class BuildButtonColumn extends StatelessWidget {

Reviewer: This class (and other references to it) should just be named `ButtonColumn` to be consistent with other definitions on the page. Seems like `Build` was added on accident?
